He has the least threatening voice, similar to Bob Ross.
Right? He should do audiobooks.
Or narrate documentaries
Or sell exercise machines and home gyms
Yep. On TV at like 2a.m. with a blonde chick. I can see that happening.
😭
That tiger ain't no fool. That's Chuck Frickin' Norris!
Nah, he should just stick to making racist comments on podcasts in the background.
I'm sad about this information :(
What what? Chuck Norris is racist? What I miss?
The last 20 years?
Which part?  His racist views?  His ultra right-wing views?  Or his christian nationalist views?  Oh, maybe it was his views on the LGBTQ+ community?  
Sorry, I've lost track of the ways that good ole' Chuck has lost any respect.  I bet Chuck and Kevin Sorbo have BBQs together.
As someone that unfortunately lives near him, you can add a crappy water bottling company. Not joking. The local river looks like this and has the nickname "Nasty Soda".
These people are evil and this should be illegal. Nestle is doing the same thing on top of slavery.
The fact that people don't know Chuck is a giant piece of shit is worrisome.
All I know is Chuck Norris jokes
Can celebrities stop being pieces of shit and ruining their reputation
That's not profitable. See I have an out there conspiracy theory that when the whole Mel Gibson thing happened; people saw that "backlash" and that helped prime our political climate to 2008-2016. Which in turn, got us to here.
I have NO evidence whatsoever, but that's my headcannon on where our timeline did a shift.
That fits with my memory of things.  Let's go with that.
I personally think that it was the huge number of people that felt poor, desperate, and lied to after the great recession.  When social media kept exploding around that same time, those vulnerable people latched on and never woke up.  It's a nasty thing to have an infinite scroll of jealousy and fear.
 
Exhibit #1: the West was able to absorb a highly questionable US election, 9/11, new oil wars, and the exposure of it all (Supreme Court case and Fahrenheit 9/11), yet still have rational conversations, agree to vaccinate our kids, and even see a minority president elected in the US.
The difference is we lost newspapers and suspected that we weren't all bouncing back from the recession in solidarity.  Rupert Murdoch saw the opportunity to profit from the feeling of disenfranchisement... and franchised it.
Is Sinclair also connected to Murdoch? I was under the impression that they own all of the local news outlets
